= jSpec Sandbox - a window sandbox for jQuery applications testing

* jSpec Sandbox website: https://github.com/yannlugrin/jspec-sandbox
* jSpec Sandbox on github: https://github.com/yannlugrin/jspec-sandbox
* jSpec website: http://jspec.info
* jQuery website: http://jquery.com

== Documentation

After sandbox is installed, all jQuery call is redirected in sandbox context
(an iframe) and be reset after each test. You can use `_jQuery()' or `_$()' to
call jQuery in jspec context.

Utility `sandbox()' return a jQuery object from sandbox:

 * sandbox() => return sandbox body
 * sandbox('<p></p>') => append to sandboy body an `p' element and return it
 * sandbox('my-fixture') => append a sandbox body the content of fixture file and return it (child of body element)

=== install with jspec command tool

First install [gem](http://gemcutter.org/) then execute:

  $ sudo gem install jspec-jquery-sandbox

At which point go into your projext folder and execute:

  $ echo "require 'jspec/jquery/sandbox/installable'" > spec/commands/jquery_sandbox_command.rb
  $ jspec install jquerysandbox

This command add `jspec.jquery.sandbox.js' and `jspec.jquery.sandbox.html' files
into your `spec/support' folder.

After this step edit `dom.html' file to require sanbox lib after jquery and
add iframe with sandbox source.

  ...
  <script src="./lib/jquery.js"></script>
  <script src="./support/jspec.jquery.sandbox.js"></script>
  <script>
    function runSuites() {
  ...
    <iframe id="sandbox" name="sandbox" src="./support/jspec.jquery.sandbox.html" style="display:none"></iframe>
  </body>
  ...

=== install manually

Just copy `jspec.jquery.sandbox.js' and `jspec.jquery.sandbox.html' files
lib folder to your project `spec/support' folder.

After this step edit `dom.html' file to require sanbox lib after jquery and
add iframe with sandbox source.

  ...
  <script src="./lib/jquery.js"></script>
  <script src="./support/jspec.jquery.sandbox.js"></script>
  <script>
    function runSuites() {
  ...
    <iframe id="sandbox" name="sandbox" src="./support/jspec.jquery.sandbox.html" style="display:none"></iframe>
  </body>
  ...

== Copyright and Licenses

Licensed under the MIT license (read LICENSE file). This library depends on
jSpec, also licensed under the MIT licence.

* jSpec Sandbox - Copyright (c) 2010 Yann Lugrin
* jSpec - Copyright (c) 2010 TJ Holowaychuk
